extension/index.md, before:

# Installing extensions
## Installing the Chromium Extension
```
Minimum requirements: Google Chrome 87+ OR Microsoft Edge 88+. Works with developer editions too.
Not Tested on other chromium-based browsers (ex. Opera, Vivaldi).
```
1. Download the 
<a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wackyblackie/sms-launch/main/extension/packed/v0.0.1/chromium-sms-launch-with-google.crx">chromium-sms-launch-with-google.crx</a> 
file.<br>
1. After it is completed, go to <a href="chrome://extensions">chrome://extensions</a>, and at the top right, check "Developer mode".<br>
1. Next, drag the file name anywhere on the page to install.<br>
1. Then press "Add extension". It is now installed.

## Installing the Firefox Extension
```
Minimum requirements: Firefox 85+ Desktop. Works with beta/nightly editions too.
Not compatible with Firefox Mobile (iOS, Android).
```
1. Go to <a href="https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/sms-search-page-with-google/">https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/sms-search-page-with-google/</a>
and click "+ Add to Firefox". 
1. Click "Add".

## Installing the Microsoft Edge Extension
Microsoft is currently validating the Microsoft Edge extension. I will add docs when it is finished.

# Issues
Report Issues/Bugs to: <a href="https://github.com/wackyblackie/sms-launch/issues">https://github.com/wackyblackie/sms-launch/issues</a>.

Commit message:

Switch from directory structure to Jekyll

extension/index.md, after:

---
title: Extensions
permalink: /extension/
---
# Installing extensions
## Installing the Chromium Extension
```
Minimum requirements: Google Chrome 87+ OR Microsoft Edge 88+. Works with developer editions too.
Not Tested on other chromium-based browsers (ex. Opera, Vivaldi).
```
1. Download the 
[chromium-sms-launch-with-google.crx](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wackyblackie/sms-launch/main/extension/packed/v0.0.1/chromium-sms-launch-with-google.crx) 
file.<br>
1. After it is completed, go to [chrome://extensions](chrome://extensions), and at the top right, switch on "Developer mode".<br>
1. Next, drag the file name anywhere on the page to install.<br>
1. Then press "Add extension". It is now installed.

## Installing the Firefox Extension
```
Minimum requirements: Firefox 85+ Desktop. Works with beta/nightly editions too.
Not compatible with Firefox Mobile (iOS, Android).
```
1. Go to [https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/sms-search-page-with-google/](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/sms-search-page-with-google/)
and click "+ Add to Firefox". 
1. Click "Add".

## Installing the Microsoft Edge Extension
1. Go to [https://microsoftedge.microsoft.com/addons/detail/sms-search-page-with-goog/opihbcigdjpbijppeobmgmcgmccejnhi](https://microsoftedge.microsoft.com/addons/detail/sms-search-page-with-goog/opihbcigdjpbijppeobmgmcgmccejnhi) and click "Get".
1. Click "Add Extension".
1. In the top right corner of the browser, click the three horizontal dots. ![Settings and more](https://support.content.office.net/en-us/media/14f961c2-7d88-cfec-7ab0-8eca08b9fa42.png)
1. Click on "Extensions"
1. Find "SMS Launch with Google" and toggle it on.

# Issues
Report Issues/Bugs to: <a href="https://github.com/wackyblackie/sms-launch/issues">https://github.com/wackyblackie/sms-launch/issues</a>.
